This is where every ticket in the business lands.
p02
On the rail the module says Sales.
p03
The page header says Transactions.
p04
Same place, two names, so don't let the wording throw you.
p05
Now the numbers up top.
p06
One tile counts every migrated ticket, past a hundred and twenty-six million.
p07
The other three cover the last thirty days, and right now they read as a dash.
p08
A dash means no value loaded, not zero.
p09
First card, Ticket Volume.
p10
It trends the last twelve months and tells you which way the line is heading.
p11
It answers whether business is up, not what any one ticket did.
p12
Middle card, By Status.
p13
This is the breakdown you'll lean on.
p14
Most tickets are paid and washed.
p15
A quarter are paid but not yet washed.
p16
A small slice is voided.
p17
Know the normal split, and the odd day jumps out at you.
p18
Right card, Ticket Health.
p19
Three quick percentages: how many paid, how many not washed, how many voided.
p20
It's the one-glance pulse for whatever scope you're looking at.
p21
Drop to the Search Tickets card.
p22
With more than a hundred and twenty-six million tickets underneath, you never scroll blind.
p23
Type what you already know, or narrow it with Filters, then search.
p24
And keep this straight: this button queries tickets;
p25
the Search up in the header jumps between pages.
p26
Under that, the ticket list itself.
p27
The count on the card is that same hundred-and-twenty-six-million, restated.
p28
Top-right sits Export.
p29
Find it, and leave it.
p30
In training we locate the data-out buttons; we don't fire them.
p31
Now the columns.
p32
Seven of them, each a way to read or sort the list:
p33
where it rang up, its number, when, how much,
p34
its status, how it was paid, and who it belongs to.
p35
Every header sorts, and every row has a checkbox.
p36
Take one row.
p37
The ticket number is a link.
p38
Click it and you'd open that single ticket, which is the next lesson, so leave it alone here.
p39
And where Customer shows a dash, no customer was tied to that sale.
p40
Glance at the pager.
p41
Twenty-five to a page, and the last page number sits just past five million.
p42
That's the same mountain of tickets said a different way.
p43
It's exactly why you filter before you page.
p44
Last, the sidebar.
p45
Nine pages live under Sales, and Tickets is only the first.
p46
The rest get their own lessons, Refund Approvals among them.
p47
And if you trained on the old system, notice what moved:
p48
Adjustments went to Inventory, and refund permissions still run through security levels.
p49
That's the Tickets page.
p50
Read health from the band and the three cards, filter before you browse,
p51
and know the list and where Export sits.
p52
Master this one page, and every transaction question you get starts right here.